Update Ansible section in project Style Guide (#10211)
ComplianceAsCode/content: docs/manual/developer/04_style_guide.md

### Ansible

* Shall follow all the rules in the [YAML](#yaml) section
* Shall use fully-qualified collection names [(FQCN)](https://ansible-lint.readthedocs.io/rules/fqcn/). e.g. use `ansible.builtin.lineinfile:` instead of only `lineinfile:`
* Shall use specific Ansible modules whenever possible instead of just calling system commands with `command`, `shell` or `raw` modules

>     * When no specific Ansible module is available, `command` module should be preferred instead of `shell` or `raw` modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * When no specific Ansible module is available, `command` module shall be used instead of `shell` or `raw` modules when the  `command` module is sufficient.
```
We really shouldn't be using `shell` or `raw` unless we really need to. Please feel free adjust my wording.

Author: Ok. I will adopt the suggestion and remove the extra space before `command`. : )

* Shall use fully-qualified collection names [(FQCN)](https://ansible-lint.readthedocs.io/rules/fqcn/). e.g. use `ansible.builtin.lineinfile:` instead of only `lineinfile:`
* Shall use specific Ansible modules whenever possible instead of just calling system commands with `command`, `shell` or `raw` modules
    * When no specific Ansible module is available, `command` module should be preferred instead of `shell` or `raw` modules
* Shall define short and objective task names that reflect the end state of a machine

> * Task names shall be prefixed by `{{{ rule_title }}}`, e.g. `- name: "{{{ rule_title }}} - Ensure Correct Banner"`

Reviewer: Do we want to note that Title case shall be used here? That is part of the Ansible Lint rules IIRC.

Author: I though about this when updating the task name in the example, but forgot to include. :) I think it makes sense to make explicit here even if is part of Ansible Lint. Thanks for noticing. I will include this rule.

Author: Done.
